When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    It has a cloud save ; so easy back and colloboration

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    When another user has made some changes

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    clones are just copies and it copies to your local file. branches are adding new features or fixing bugs without affecting your master branch, you create new branch
    forks saved with your github and they get saved with them

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

   so that you can check, test for bugs before pushing to github
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    using it in local will give you privacy, but github will have access to any system and collaboration

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    sperate branch will allow you to experiment without the fear of losing changes to the original master branch

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
one example might when other users would make changes and push you would would be having interference with your own code. 
the freedom to push gives you the flexibilty just when you want to commit changes to github

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
fork is just cloning in github repository instead of local machine. clone is just saving a copy of a github reposiory onto your local machine.
if it is other persons reposiory and i dont have the permission and i can fork into my profile and use it as my own

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
so that you would know the code that is already there and it would be confusing if code changes were happening without your knowledge

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
copy saved versions of code either email, pendrives or dropbox. it would be a tedious process because you have to manually download the code to your machine and then run it. git does it with just one line of code

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Easy collaboartion : Other collaborators can check and confirm before the code is merged to the master. 
Since you are working on extended feature or a bugfix and you already have a working master, it is easy to experiment and try out your new code.